Document task launching in detail (#99)
theforeman/smart_proxy_dynflow: developer_docs/task_launching.asciidoc

[[task-launching]]
= How the tasks are launched
:imagesdir: architecture/

Launching of the tasks done through `POST /tasks/launch` endpoint.
The previously used endpoint `POST /tasks` is being decomisioned so it is not documented.

For the launch to be succesful, you have to specify `operation` which has a defined launcher
in the `TaskLauncherRegistry`.

There are default launchers registered that can be utilized.

> It is useful to understand concepts of these as those are just slighly changed in actuall launchers used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is useful to understand concepts of these as those are just slightly changed in actual launchers used.
```

> For simle Tasks these can be used by themself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simple Tasks these can be used by themself.
```

Reviewer: Also, capital T in Tasks?

[single-launcher]
== Single task triggering

Sample input for single task triggering:

[source, json]
----
{
  "operation": "single",
  "input": {
    "action_class": "MyDynflowActionClass",
    "action_input": { "some": "action data" }
  }
}
----

[batch-launcher]
== Batch triggering

Batch triggering allows running multiple actions while making only one HTTP API call to the Proxy.

Sample input for batch triggering would be:

[source, json]
----
{
  "operation": "batch",
  "input": {
    "<child_task_caller_ID>": {
      "action_class": "MyDynflowActionClass",
      "action_input": { "some": "childaction data" }
    },
    "<child2_task_caller_ID": {
      "action_class": "MyDynflowActionClass",
      "action_input": { "some": "childaction2 data" }
    }
  }
}
----

This allows running multiple independent actions, that share same parent action in the underlying dynflow,
but nothing much apart of that.

> Following diagram tries to show how this gets processed internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following diagram shows how this gets processed internally.
```

Let's trust ourselves

[caption="Diagram: batch launching"]
image::batch_launching.svg[Batch launching]

[group-launcher]
== Group triggering

Group triggering is there to run single action on multiple nodes (Hosts).

> This has the advantage of having only one runner and safe resources, if the runner actually support running for multiple nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has the advantage of having only one runner and save resources, if the runner actually supports running for multiple nodes.
```
